For the date input:

+ The system will put a placeholder for the date input ( dd/mm/yyyy ).
+ The user starts with selecting a date input.
+ The user enters a character (a keystroke).
+ The system then should accept only numbers. So Else the system will delete from input the last character entered.
The system then will fill the rest of the date number with underscores and date separators ( _ and / )
The user continues to fill the input with the second character.
The system will check again if that is a number or not else it will delete it.
The system will check what is in the position of the next character.
The system will replace the underscore with the number, if there is a "/" the system will skip and replace the next underscore.
The user will enter the third character .
The system will then check again if it is a number else it will delete it.
The system will place the next underscore with the number.
The user will enter the fourth character .
 In case of deleting the system will delete the "/" with the last number entered.
The user will then continues to enter the last 4 characters and the system will be checking if it is a number.
The system will know that entering a date is done.
The system will split the date to 3 parts, day "/" month "/" year.
The system will check if that date is valid. Example: ( 30/02/2016 AND 12/20/2016) Won't be valid dates.
-- If valid the system then will change it to a timestamp and hold the value.
-- if not valid the system will notify the user that something is wrong and then empty the input.
Then the system will execute the the onChange function that have been passed to the system.


For the time input:

The system will put a placeholder for the time input ( hh:mm )
The use starts with selecting a time input.
The user enters a character(a keystroke).
The system then run a verification to check if it is a number. And it will be deleted by the system in case it is not.
The system then will fill the rest of the time input with underscores and time separator ( _ and : )
The user continues with the second character.
The system then checks if it is a number or not.
The system will check what is in the position of the next character.
Then the system will replace the underscore with the value entered
The user will continue with the third character.
The system will check if it is a number or not.
The system will replace the underscore with the number, if there is a ":" the system will skip and replace the next underscore.
The user will enter the last number
Then the system replace the underscore with the last number entered.
The system will check if it is a number or not.
The system will recognize that it is a full time (length of 5 with the ":").
The system will separate the time to hours and mins ( hh ":" mm ).
The system will check if the hours are from 0 -to- 23 and the mins are from 0 -to- 59.
  -- If valid the system will hold the value.
  -- if not valid the system will notify the user and then empty the input.
